1. INSTALLATION

To install, simply put the files ucs.sty, utf8x.def, ucsencs.def and
data/* somewhere in your TeX-path. If you want CJK characters, you need
the c??enc.def files, too. For Klingon you need lklenc.def and
lklkli.fd.

You may have to run some command like mktexlsr, lest the files will not
be found by TeX. What to do, however, is distribution dependent.

Warning: If you install the files into some directory, where TeX does
not search recursively (usually the current directory and your personal
TeX directory are of that kind), you have to put the contents of data
directly into that directory.

If you don't install data/uninames.dat, you will save about 300 KB, but
you won't get the full names of the characters in error messages.

If you have added glyphs macros in one of the files in config (see
perldoc makeunidef.pl for information on the config file format), you
have to recreate the files in data by running "make datafiles". This
uses makeunidef.pl internally.

You can also run the makeunidef.pl directly. When doing this, you may
supply another target directory instead of data, e.g. some directory in
your TeX-path. makeunidef.pl will not delete or overwrite any files it
has not created itself. If you add "--exclude
cjkbg5,cjkgb,cjkjis,cjkhangul", CJK characters will not be included,
saving more than 1 MB of disk space.

2. GETTING THE SOURCE CODE REPOSITORY

Install darcs from <http://darcs.net/>, if you do not have done this
yet. Then check out the ucs repository with the following command:

    darcs get http://darcs.wolfgang.jeltsch.info/tex/ucs

3. BUILDING

If you are working with the source code repository, you will probably
want to build the autogenerated files at some point. To do this, run
(GNU) make in the root directory of the repository.

4. CREATING A DISTRIBUTION BUNDLE

Running

    make dist

in the root directory of the repository gives you a file ucs.tar.gz.
This file contains all source files and all autogenerated files, and has
the "executable" bit set for all scripts. It is intended for uploading
to CTAN.
